vmctl: implement support of chunking data for vm-native export (#3044)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATURE: set the `start` arg to `end - 5 minutes` if isn't passed explicitly to [/api/v1/labels](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/url-examples.html#apiv1labels) and [/api/v1/label/.../values](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/url-examples.html#apiv1labelvalues).

> * FEATURE: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html): add `vm-native-step-interval` command line flag for `vm-native` mode. Allows to split import process into smaller batches to improve
>   process observability and add ability to restore process in case of failure. See [feature request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/2733).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmctl](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmctl.html): add `vm-native-step-interval` command line flag for `vm-native` mode. New option allows splitting the import process into chunks by time interval. This helps migrating data sets with high churn rate and provides better control over the process. See [feature request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/2733).

```
